DOC-76 Assessments (#435)
JupiterOne/docs: knowledgeBase/compliance_and-reporting/compliance-assessments.md

> # Using Compliance Assessments

Reviewer: I may have missed some conversations, so feel free to have me butt out if that is the case...

I thought the goal of Assessments was to not brand it as a "Compliance Assessment", since it truly has nothing to do with compliance.  It's similar in UI design and terminology, but it really should live as a part of the Questions Library (when that gets re-worked and updated to the modern UI we are re-doing).  The long term goal was always to build Assessments in a way that it can be moved out of the Compliance app as easily as possible.  It just "had" to live there for now since that was the only place (at the time of execution) that could support the new UI paradigms.

@sarabeth @AnneNielsenJ1 @hesto2

Author: Thanks, @henrymgarrett . I am the one who entitled the article Compliance Assessments. I did not know that the longterm goal was to not have it as a feature of Compliance. I can make any changes you want to make after you guys have discussed it.

JupiterOne Compliance provides assessments that contain compliance questions that enable you to see the power of J1 when you run this assessment. You can also create your own custom assessment by selecting any questions from the J1 question library. Each selected question creates one associated compliance requirement in the assessment. Access the assessments from the left navigation pane in J1 Compliance.

### Running a Starter Assessment

If you are a new user, you see on the J1 landing page, the option to run a starter assessment. 

![](../assets/compliance-start-assessment.png)

J1 Compliance provides starter assessments, grouped by security categories, such as access, data, and privacy. 

### Creating an Assessment

To create an assessment:

1. Click **New Assessment**.

2. To use a template, click the By Template tab, select the assessment category from the list, and click **Create**.
   ​

   ![](../assets/compliance-create-assess.png)

   ​

>    To more easily find assessments, you can filter the list by whether there is a security gap, basically presence of deficiencies in the security framework of your organization between fulfilled compliance requirements and outstanding remediation.

Reviewer: The assessment is the overall construct, it should likely be, "To more easily find specific questions"

Author: @henrymgarrett  So, why is the Gap Status on the same row as "New Assessment"? That is confusing.

   ​

   ![](../assets/compliance-assess-gap.png) 
   ​

3. If you are using a template assessment, select which of the provided questions to be part of your assessment, and click **Save**.
4. If you want to create a custom assessment, click the Custom tab, enter a name for the assessment and, optionally, a description, and click **Create**. 

### Adding Questions to Assessments

> The questions in assessments add compliance requirements that your organization must meet. Each time you add a question to an assessment, J1 runs an evaluation of your environment to report where there are gaps in compliance.

Reviewer: Same comment here about compliance requirements.  Something like this would be more accurate:
```
The questions in assessments check your environment for criteria that your organization must meet. Each time you add a question to an assessment, J1 runs an evaluation of your environment to report where there are deviations from the expected outputs.
```

To add questions: 

1. If you want to add more questions to a template assessment, click **Add Questions**.

2. From the **By Template** tab, select the additional questions you want to include, and click **Save**. You can filter the available questions by security category, such as access, data, and privacy or filter on tags that are added to questions.

   ![](../assets/compliance-question-adding.png) 

> 3. If you want to add questions to a custom assessment, click the Custom tab and enter the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you want to add custom question to an assessment, click the Custom tab and enter the following information:
```

This screen is actually creating a new question, and you can do that for a templated or custom assessment.
